When it comes to balancing your career, for instance, like I'm a computer
science major right now but before I was in the military but in
both cases, you always have to make sure that you have enough time,
later on in your life, so that you don't disregard your earlier work.
Some people say, "Okay, well, I'm going to have a job that's so so,
or that I don't like for eight hours of the day and then I'm going
to, you know, suck that money and then use it for later on in life.
You know, I have a nice car and I have a nice house and then, you know,
like, we go on vacation because of the sucky job that I had earlier
and I don't think that that's a good balance. I think that you
should really try to find a job that you would do for much much lower
pay and that's the job that you can really do all day if you wanted
to so you don't think of it as such a pain. It's not like you're,
one hour before the time ends and you're like, "All right, let me go
home, let me go home." If you're in that type of job, then I think
you should start looking for another type of job and then if you do
that, then balancing is really really easy. You can be either place,
you can have, like, all day with family or you can be all day at work
and both are okay with you. You know, it's not going to be like,
in pain with either one of those. So, find a job that you love and make
sure that your family life is cool too, your home life if you don't
have a family is cool too and then there's no balance to be had.